The Old Town of Gaza (1862–1863). Picture by Francis Frith


Balfour Declaration: United Kingdom Government signed by Arthur Balfour - British Library. Originally published 9 November 1917

Polish Refugees in Iran during WW II: Holocaust Encyclopedia

The Palestinian Nakba: What Happened in 1948 and Why It Still Matters : Institute for Palestine Studies

Knesset Amends Law of Return to Define “Who Is A Jew” : Center for Israel Education

East Jerusalem : Lizzie Dearden

Acquisition of land in Palestine : United Nations

40 Years of Trauma: ADC Remembers the Victims of the Sabra and Shatila Massacre : American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee

Fshadid :  Closeup image of za'atar, a blend of hyssop (Origanum syriacum, sumac, sesame seeds, and salt

Sharir-Efi : Intifada in Gaza Strip.

Mohamed Alostaz—PPM/Getty Images : Hamas: Ismail Haniyeh

HaMoked - Nationality and Entry into Israel Law (Temporary Order), 5763 – 2003

Le Monde infographics : The Gaza Strip blockade explained in one map

Members of the Israeli Druze community and their supporters protest against the new nation-state law in Tel Aviv. JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images.

Permanent premises of the International Criminal Court in The Hague, the Netherlands. © 2018 Marina Riera/Human Rights Watch 

Opinio Juris : ICC and Palestine Symposium: ‘Sometimes They Come Back’: The Question of the ICC’s Territorial Jurisdiction in Palestine

 Palestinians on the outskirts of a kibbutz, near the border fence with the Gaza Strip, during the deadly cross-border attack in southern Israel on Saturday, Oct. 7, 2023. © Hassan Eslaiah, AP 

 Israel Katz speaks during a joint press conference in Budapest, Hungary, on June 17, 2024. © Attila Kisbenedek, AFP 

 An entrance to al-Ahli hospital in Gaza City, a day after hundreds of people were reportedly killed in a blast on October 17, 2023. © Reuters stringer 

The rubble of destroyed houses and debris is shown in Al Nuseirat refugee camp, central Gaza Strip, on Feb. 28, 2024, following Israeli air strikes.
Mohammed Saber/EPA via Shutterstock

Protestors with a ceasefire now banner
Negotiations have been going on for weeks while international pressure built for a ceasefire : Jeenah Moon/AP

Khan Younis : BBC

South Africa : Creator: THILO SCHMUELGEN | Credit: REUTERS



The president of the International Court of Justice, Joan Donoghue, speaks prior to the court's announcement in the genocide case against Israel, brought by South Africa, in The Hague, Netherlands, on Friday.
Remko de Waal/ANP/AFP via Getty Images

Al Mezan Canter For Human Rights 

Flour Massacre : Allah

Al-Shifa Hospital : A picture shows smoke billowing after Israeli bombardment in the vicinity of the Al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City on March 23, 2024, amid ongoing battles between Israel and the militant group Hamas.
AFP via Getty Images

United Nations
UN Security Council votes on resolution demanding an immediate ceasefire in Gaza for the month of Ramadan.

Protesters gathered in solidarity with Palestinians on Friday as the International Court of Justice met.Koen van Weel / AFP - Getty Images

 Aid trucks loaded with supplies for Gaza are waiting near the Egyptian-Palestinian border in preparation to enter Kerem Abu Salem crossing on May 26, in Rafah, Egypt.
Ali Moustafa/Getty Images 

International Court of Justice

Creator: DOAA ROUQA | Credit: REUTERS

Khan Younis II : ABS News

The Hamas-run health ministry in Gaza says the virus risks a new "health catastrophe" in the territory : Getty Images

WHO
A polio vaccination campaign started on 1 September 2024 in Gaza to vaccinate 640 000 Palestinian children. The campaign comes after the first polio case in 25 years was reported in Gaza involving a 10-month-old boy who is now paralyzed in one leg. 

Yahya Sinwar : The Wall Street Journal



People gather around the wreckage of a car used by the U.S.-based aid group World Central Kitchen on Tuesday after it was hit by an airstrike the previous day in Deir al-Balah in the central Gaza Strip.
-/AFP via Getty Images 

War-crimes court issues arrest warrants for Netanyahu, ex-defense minister and a Hamas leader | AP News
Creator: Ohad Zwigenberg | Credit: AP

Amnesty International : ©Mahmoud ssa/Anadolu via Getty Images

Israel's Cabinet approves a deal for a ceasefire in Gaza | AP News : AP News